fucking i just adore regional
TV I'm ready to do it right
pretty hole and fucking fuck and
now I will ask all the males to draw
attention here on this video because
Now we will learn how to properly glue females
meet ivan nuts meet up with
girls started 7 years old first kiss
remembers as a good experience but acted out
even weddings with a girlfriend and today he
share a couple of pickup tips so first
first look around
to the skin who looks at us maybe
the girl was herself interested in the well
have you understand what is waiting for me now
I do not know maybe this cafe is very low
doorway if it's a dude
really so healthy that almost
beats on his head tons of such
burglar with a plush flower will turn
attention is not only girls
but also the secret light control service
for extraterrestrial life forms advice second
for the girl to notice you
distinguish you from those for example
treat me just a fucking way
heal just i think so myself
isolated from all else, no man is not
I tried not but if there certainly is not
meant guests girl pizdyuley in
the same from house pickup his few
understands one more good way
I can stand out at the zoo
just throw a piece of your shit into it
Wasp of this kind she already surely never
forget let's check out our roll
the ladies' girl pleaser too
complain about a cup of tea a fuck chaesh
the question then caught the camera to show what
he really usually treats houses to
hello call me please
taxi and transfer this glass of vodka with
coffee and if we won that beautiful lady and
after only 20 minutes, Vanka is fine
so doing another chopping off repent and
Madame in the room of her grandmother while that
went to the store and now will be just
treasure is the most furious reaction to
free cup of tea man
your so unexpected and very nice
nice i think those words would be more
came up during casual sex in
the metro during a crush is real
unexpected further then let go
your communication skills and familiar and no no
still we did not see each other in my opinion
shop pure Dima gas for the whole city
at least hide from this dude guys
very important to remember and the phrase about
the store is shorter then he invites her to
cinema and takes phone number number dyat
leave a lasting impression on
first stove can using flower
accept from me a small visa here
this beautiful flower had 355 feelings
so weak some fucking plush
darrell flowers would be her a dead squirrel what
whether this dead squirrel was beautiful
how have you not fucked her and here
the last is probably the most fucking
theme
and still love to meet grocery
stores often when you come to
the store you start to choose some
products well, as I'm a man I do not understand
that is, where is the girl ?
tell you something how to cook it
take better and not vice well you get acquainted
with them you take the phone number and in
I begin to communicate later
told you to remember about the magazine
I think they are for him some kind of fetish
are the girls said he saw her in
the store is ready to meet the store
yalga rules of what is in the grocery
Do you just imagine how ridiculous it is?
meet at grocery stores
clean gone for bread and chick tsepanul
imagine if you get married
any of these will be detailed
ask how did you meet and he
so it was your earlier in fish
I thought that the fish stinks but it
it was generally I think this guy is some
serial maniac tracks down his victims
grocery stores then treats
vodka with clonidine
they are so good at roasting their beds
grandmas